## Steps

- I will read the API directly and try to understand the why of each function
- Giving an example and reasons of what they needed to be done.

### Understanding process

- Workflow propossed by them --> **main -> parser -> codeWritter**
- Parser Module

  - Handles the parsing of a single .vm file (this means takes care of split each command coming from the .vm file getting the different fields needed separated), provides convenient access to their components, (removes all white space and comments, this could be instead of removed ignored)

    - (-- Understood good idea could be determine those components )

      - What are those components. Basically we can see them checking
        vm files examples in such a way we will know how they look like.

        - ok, done I can see they have command such as 'push constant 7'
          push --> put in the top of an stack
          constant --> take in care the mamory segment "constant"
          7 --> here I have a doubt, I don't know if that 7 is putted
          in the memory segment 'constant' and also added to the stack
          or if is only added to the stack. I will look for that.
          Basically what happens is that the stack is filled with the value
          in the 'constant'[7] I think that constant segment is 
          already defined, and it will be an array of 32767+1 elements
          each cell represent the value itself. There is never pop constant 
          so I think my deduction was right.

        - So the memory segments
            - argument: is an array dynamically generated 
            - local: is an array dynamically generated with 
              locals initialized to 0 because it will contain the cells
              according to the number of variables and those == 0.
            - static: allocated by vm, so pop from the stack to fill this 
              memory segment.
            - constant: is an array with fixed size [32767+1]
            - this/that: --> select the heap (Not yet understood)
            - pointer: array with fixed size [2] -> pointer[0] == &this ^ pointer[1] == &that
            - temp: fixed array size[8]



